Changelog/2026 05 13 (#649)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2026/05-13_general-fixes.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: General fixes
date: 2026-05-13T16:03:33+12:00
---
This release addressed several issues, including those affecting the *Reset using Git repository* option, *Select* fields, and the *Choose a collection* modal.

## Fixes

* Fixed an issue where the *Reset using Git repository* option did not perform a forced reconnect.
* Fixed an issue where you could not navigate *Select* fields using the keyboard.
* Fixed an issue where *Select* fields had no height in Safari.

> * Fixed an issue where collection groups with no heading were not shown in the *Choose a collection* modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where collection groups with no heading were not shown in the *Choose a collection* select, when using the *Link to a page* option on a URL input.
```
